ad.hma.rocks	Andorra, Andorra la Vella
ae.hma.rocks	United Arab Emirates, Dubai
af.hma.rocks	Afghanistan, Kabul
ag.hma.rocks	Antigua and Barbuda, Saint John's
ai.hma.rocks	Anguilla, The Valley
al.hma.rocks	Albania, Tirana
am.hma.rocks	Armenia, Tsaghkadzor
ao.hma.rocks	Angola, Luanda
ar.hma.rocks	Argentina, Buenos Aires
as.hma.rocks	American Samoa, Pago Pago
at.hma.rocks	Austria, Carinthia, Klagenfurt
au.hma.rocks	Australia, New South Wales, Sydney
aw.hma.rocks	Aruba, Palm Beach
ax.hma.rocks	Aland Islands, Mariehamn
az.hma.rocks	Azerbaijan, Qusar
ba.hma.rocks	Bosnia, Sarajevo
bb.hma.rocks	Barbados, Worthing
bd.hma.rocks	Bangladesh, Dhaka
be.hma.rocks	Belgium, Brussels
bf.hma.rocks	Burkina Faso, Ouagadougou
bg.hma.rocks	Bulgaria, Sofia
bh.hma.rocks	Bahrain, Manama
bi.hma.rocks	Burundi, Bujumbura
bj.hma.rocks	Benin, Cotonou
bm.hma.rocks	Bermuda, Hamilton
bn.hma.rocks	Brunei, Jerudong
bo.hma.rocks	Bolivia, Santa Cruz
br.hma.rocks	Brazil, Joao Pessoa
bs.hma.rocks	Bahamas, Freeport
bt.hma.rocks	Bhutan, Thimphu
bw.hma.rocks	Botswana, Gaborone
by.hma.rocks	Belarus, Minsk
bz.hma.rocks	Belize, Belize City
ca.hma.rocks	Canada, British Columbia, Vancouver
cc.hma.rocks	Cocos Islands, West Island
cd.hma.rocks	Congo, Kinshasa
cf.hma.rocks	Central African Republic, Bangassou
cg.hma.rocks	Republic of the Congo, Brazzaville
ch.hma.rocks	Switzerland, Zurich
ci.hma.rocks	Cote d`Ivoire, Yamoussoukro
ck.hma.rocks	Cook Islands, Avarua
cl.hma.rocks	Chile, Santiago
cm.hma.rocks	Cameroon, Yaounde
cn.hma.rocks	China, Sichuan Sheng, Chengdu
co.hma.rocks	Colombia, San Andres
cr.hma.rocks	Costa Rica, San Jose
cu.hma.rocks	Cuba, Havana
cv.hma.rocks	Cape Verde, Cidade Velha
cx.hma.rocks	Christmas Island, Flying Fish Cove
cy.hma.rocks	Cyprus, Limassol
cz.hma.rocks	Czech Republic, Prague
de.hma.rocks	Germany, Hesse, Frankfurt
dj.hma.rocks	Republic of Djibouti, Djibouti
dk.hma.rocks	Denmark, Copenhagen
dm.hma.rocks	Dominica, Marigot
do.hma.rocks	Dominican Republic, Punta Cana
dz.hma.rocks	Algeria, Annaba
ec.hma.rocks	Ecuador, Quito
ee.hma.rocks	Estonia, Tallinn
eg.hma.rocks	Egypt, Cairo
er.hma.rocks	Eritrea, Asmara
es.hma.rocks	Spain, Alicante
et.hma.rocks	Ethiopia, Gondar
fi.hma.rocks	Finland, Helsinki
fj.hma.rocks	Fiji, Nadi
fk.hma.rocks	Falkland Islands, Stanley
fo.hma.rocks	Faroe Islands, Torshavn
fr.hma.rocks	France, Paris
ga.hma.rocks	Gabon, Libreville
gb.hma.rocks	UK
london.gb.hma.rocks	UK, London
scotland.gb.hma.rocks	UK, Scotland, Glasgow
gd.hma.rocks	Grenada, Saint George
ge.hma.rocks	Georgia, Tbilisi
gh.hma.rocks	Ghana, Accra
gi.hma.rocks	Gibraltar, Catalan
gl.hma.rocks	Greenland, Ilulissat
gm.hma.rocks	Gambia, Serekunda
gn.hma.rocks	Guinea, Conakry
gp.hma.rocks	Guadeloupe, Le Gosier
gq.hma.rocks	Equatorial Guinea, Malabo
gr.hma.rocks	Greece, Patras
gt.hma.rocks	Guatemala, Guatemala City
gu.hma.rocks	Guam, Tamuning
gw.hma.rocks	Guinea-Bissau, Bissau
gy.hma.rocks	Guyana, Barima-Waini
hk.hma.rocks	Hong Kong, Shatin
hn.hma.rocks	Honduras, Tegucigalpa
hr.hma.rocks	Croatia, Zagreb
ht.hma.rocks	Haiti, Cap-Haitien
hu.hma.rocks	Hungary, Budapest
id.hma.rocks	Indonesia, Jakarta
ie.hma.rocks	Ireland, Dublin
il.hma.rocks	Israel, Petah Tikva
in.hma.rocks	India, Maharashtra, Mumbai
iq.hma.rocks	Iraq, Baghdad
ir.hma.rocks	Iran, Isfahan
is.hma.rocks	Iceland, Reykjavik
it.hma.rocks	Italy, Pordenone, Porcia
jm.hma.rocks	Jamaica, Montego Bay
jo.hma.rocks	Jordan, Amman
jp.hma.rocks	Japan, Okinawa, Onna
ke.hma.rocks	Kenya, Nairobi
kg.hma.rocks	Kyrgyzstan, Bishkek
kh.hma.rocks	Cambodia, Phnom Penh
ki.hma.rocks	Kiribati, Umwa Village
km.hma.rocks	Comoros, Ouani
kn.hma.rocks	Saint Kitts and Nevis, Basseterre
kp.hma.rocks	North Korea, Manpo
kr.hma.rocks	South Korea, Seoul
kw.hma.rocks	Kuwait, Kuwait City
ky.hma.rocks	Cayman Islands, Spot Bay
kz.hma.rocks	Kazakhstan, Shymkent
la.hma.rocks	Laos, Thakhek
lb.hma.rocks	Lebanon, Beirut
lc.hma.rocks	Saint Lucia, Gros Islet
li.hma.rocks	Liechtenstein, Vaduz
lk.hma.rocks	Sri Lanka, Moratuwa
lr.hma.rocks	Liberia, Monrovia
ls.hma.rocks	Lesotho, Peka
lt.hma.rocks	Lithuania, Siauliai
lu.hma.rocks	Luxembourg
lv.hma.rocks	Latvia, Riga
ly.hma.rocks	Libya, Ghadames
ma.hma.rocks	Morocco, Fes
mc.hma.rocks	Monaco, Monaco
md.hma.rocks	Moldova, Chisinau
me.hma.rocks	Montenegro, Becici
mg.hma.rocks	Madagascar, Antsiranana
mk.hma.rocks	Macedonia, Skopje
ml.hma.rocks	Mali, Bamako
mm.hma.rocks	Myanmar, Yangon
mn.hma.rocks	Mongolia, Suhbaatar
mo.hma.rocks	Macau, Macau
ms.hma.rocks	Montserrat, Plymouth
mt.hma.rocks	Malta, Cospicua
mu.hma.rocks	Mauritius, Port Louis
mv.hma.rocks	Maldives, Male
mw.hma.rocks	Malawi, Lilongwe
mx.hma.rocks	Mexico, Sinaloa, Mazatlan
my.hma.rocks	Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur
mz.hma.rocks	Mozambique, Pemba
na.hma.rocks	Namibia, Windhoek
nc.hma.rocks	New Caledonia, Noumea
ne.hma.rocks	Niger, Niamey
nf.hma.rocks	Norfolk Island, Kingston
ng.hma.rocks	Nigeria, Lagos
ni.hma.rocks	Nicaragua, Managua
nl.hma.rocks	Netherlands, Amsterdam
no.hma.rocks	Norway, Oslo
np.hma.rocks	Nepal, Janakpur
nr.hma.rocks	Nauru, Anabar
nu.hma.rocks	Niue, Alofi
nz.hma.rocks	New Zealand, Auckland
om.hma.rocks	Oman, Salalah
pa.hma.rocks	Panama, Panama City
pe.hma.rocks	Peru, Cusco
pg.hma.rocks	Papua New Guinea, Alotau
ph.hma.rocks	Philippines, Baguio
pk.hma.rocks	Pakistan, Karachi
pl.hma.rocks	Poland, Warsaw
pm.hma.rocks	Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Saint-Pierre
pn.hma.rocks	Pitcairn Islands, Adamstown
pr.hma.rocks	Puerto Rico, San Juan
ps.hma.rocks	Palestine, Bethlehem
pt.hma.rocks	Portugal, Leiria
pw.hma.rocks	Palau, Melekeok
py.hma.rocks	Paraguay, Boqueron
qa.hma.rocks	Qatar, Doha
ro.hma.rocks	Romania, Bucharest
rs.hma.rocks	Serbia, Belgrade
ru.hma.rocks	Russia, Moscow
rw.hma.rocks	Rwanda, Kigali
sa.hma.rocks	Saudi Arabia, Riyadh
sb.hma.rocks	Solomon Islands, Honiara
sd.hma.rocks	Sudan, Khartoum
se.hma.rocks	Sweden, Stockholm, Nacka
sg.hma.rocks	Republic of Singapore, Singapore
sh.hma.rocks	Saint Helena, Tristan Da Cunha
si.hma.rocks	Slovenia, Vrhnika
sj.hma.rocks	Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Longyearbyen
sk.hma.rocks	Slovakia, Bratislava
sm.hma.rocks	San Marino, San Marino
sn.hma.rocks	Senegal, Dakar
so.hma.rocks	Somalia, Afgooye
sr.hma.rocks	Suriname, Paramaribo
st.hma.rocks	Sao Tome and Principe, Sao Tome
sv.hma.rocks	El Salvador, San Miguel
sy.hma.rocks	Syria, Ad Darah
sz.hma.rocks	Swaziland, Manzini
tc.hma.rocks	Turks and Caicos Islands, Balfour Town
td.hma.rocks	Chad, N'Djamena
tg.hma.rocks	Togo, Lome
th.hma.rocks	Thailand, Bangkok
tj.hma.rocks	Tajikistan, Dushanbe
tk.hma.rocks	Tokelau, Atafu
tm.hma.rocks	Turkmenistan, Ashgabat
tn.hma.rocks	Tunisia, Mahdia
to.hma.rocks	Tonga, Nukualofa
tr.hma.rocks	Turkey, Istanbul
tt.hma.rocks	Trinidad and Tobago, San Fernando
tv.hma.rocks	Tuvalu, Vaitupu
tw.hma.rocks	Taiwan, Taipei
tz.hma.rocks	Tanzania, Arusha
ua.hma.rocks	Ukraine, Odessa
ug.hma.rocks	Uganda, Kampala
us.hma.rocks	USA
ak.us.hma.rocks	USA, Alaska, Anchorage
al.us.hma.rocks	USA, Alabama, Montgomery
ar.us.hma.rocks	USA, Arkansas, Magnolia
az.us.hma.rocks	USA, Arizona, Phoenix
ca.us.hma.rocks	USA, California, Los Angeles
ct.us.hma.rocks	USA, Connecticut, Trumbull
de.us.hma.rocks	USA, Delaware, Wilmington
fl.us.hma.rocks	USA, Florida, Miami
ga.us.hma.rocks	USA, Georgia, Atlanta
hi.us.hma.rocks	USA, Hawaii, Honolulu
ia.us.hma.rocks	USA, Iowa, Des Moines
id.us.hma.rocks	USA, Idaho, Idaho Falls
il.us.hma.rocks	USA, Illinois, Chicago
in.us.hma.rocks	USA, Indiana, South Bend
ks.us.hma.rocks	USA, Kansas, Wichita
ky.us.hma.rocks	USA, Kentucky, Louisville
la.us.hma.rocks	USA, Louisiana, New Orleans
ma.us.hma.rocks	USA, Massachusetts, Boston
md.us.hma.rocks	USA, Maryland, Baltimore
me.us.hma.rocks	USA, Maine, Bath
mi.us.hma.rocks	USA, Michigan, Lansing
mn.us.hma.rocks	USA, Minnesota, Saint Paul
mo.us.hma.rocks	USA, Missouri, Kansas City
ms.us.hma.rocks	USA, Mississippi, Louisville
mt.us.hma.rocks	USA, Montana, Billings
nc.us.hma.rocks	USA, North Carolina, Asheville
nd.us.hma.rocks	USA, North Dakota, Grand Forks
ne.us.hma.rocks	USA, Nebraska, Omaha
nh.us.hma.rocks	USA, New Hampshire, Bedford
nm.us.hma.rocks	USA, New Mexico, Albuquerque
nv.us.hma.rocks	USA, Nevada, Las Vegas
ny.us.hma.rocks	USA, New York, Manhattan
oh.us.hma.rocks	USA, Ohio, Columbus
ok.us.hma.rocks	USA, Oklahoma, Oklahoma City
pa.us.hma.rocks	USA, Pennsylvania, Wilkes-Barre
ri.us.hma.rocks	USA, Rhode Island, Providence
sc.us.hma.rocks	USA, South Carolina, Columbia
sd.us.hma.rocks	USA, South Dakota, Sioux Falls
tn.us.hma.rocks	USA, Tennessee, Nashville
tx.us.hma.rocks	USA, Texas, Dallas
ut.us.hma.rocks	USA, Utah, Salt Lake City
va.us.hma.rocks	USA, Virginia, Ashburn
vt.us.hma.rocks	USA, Vermont, Rutland
wa.us.hma.rocks	USA, Washington, Seattle
wi.us.hma.rocks	USA, Wisconsin, Madison
wv.us.hma.rocks	USA, West Virginia, Philippi
wy.us.hma.rocks	USA, Wyoming, Cheyenne
uy.hma.rocks	Uruguay, Montevideo
uz.hma.rocks	Uzbekistan, Samarkand
va.hma.rocks	Vatican, Vatican City
vc.hma.rocks	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Kingstown
ve.hma.rocks	Venezuela, Caracas
vg.hma.rocks	British Virgin Islands, Tortola
vn.hma.rocks	Vietnam, Ho Chi Minh City
vu.hma.rocks	Vanuatu, Loltong
ws.hma.rocks	Samoa, Matatufu
ye.hma.rocks	Yemen, Sanaa
za.hma.rocks	South Africa, Johannesburg
zm.hma.rocks	Zambia, Lusaka
zw.hma.rocks	Zimbabwe, Harare
